1================================================

Dear Bruno,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for David Spivak's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

2=======================================================

Dear Sophie,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for David Spivak's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

3=======================================================

Dear Toby,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for David Spivak's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

4=======================================================

Dear David,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for David Spivak's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

5=======================================================

Dear Adam,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Pieter Hofstra's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

6=======================================================

Dear Diego,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Pieter Hofstra's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

7=======================================================

Dear Georgios,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Pieter Hofstra's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

8=======================================================

Dear Christian,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Pieter Hofstra's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

9=======================================================

Dear Adriana,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Mehrnoosh Sadrzadeh's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

10=======================================================

Dear Lachlan,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Mehrnoosh Sadrzadeh's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

11=======================================================

Dear Dan,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Mehrnoosh Sadrzadeh's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

12=======================================================

Dear Alexis,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Mehrnoosh Sadrzadeh's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

13=======================================================

Dear Nathan,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Tobias Fritz's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

14=======================================================

Dear Martin,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Tobias Fritz's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

15=======================================================

Dear Dan,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Tobias Fritz's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

16=======================================================

Dear Carmen,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Tobias Fritz's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

17=======================================================

Dear Giovanni,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Miriam Backens' project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

18=======================================================

Dear Leo,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Miriam Backens' project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

19=======================================================

Dear John,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Miriam Backens' project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

20=======================================================

Dear Fatima,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Miriam Backens' project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

21=======================================================

Dear Fosco,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Bartosz Milewski's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

22=======================================================

Dear Bryce,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Bartosz Milewski project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

23=======================================================

Dear Emily,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Bartosz Milewski's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges

24=======================================================

Dear Mario,

We would like to invite you to participate in the Applied
Category Theory School 2019. Congratulations!  You were
selected for Bartosz Milewski's project.

Attached is a proposed schedule for the online segment and
in-person week at Oxford. For the online portion, you're
responsible for presenting talks and writing articles during
the week your group is presenting and also participating in
the online discussion during the weeks that your group is
not presenting. 

Before you accept our invitation, please be sure that you
can commit to the entire program.  The success of this
program rests on everyone doing their part. We believe that
you can contribute and that's why we're inviting you.

Please write back with your decision by Wednesday, 13
Feb. We look forward to your decision.

-- Daniel Cicala and Jules Hedges
